100. Kelly Divine

    
Website: kellydivine.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/KELLYDIVINE
Recent Work: Strawberry Milk Juggs

The rumor is that Kelly Devine's ass is fake. Well hey, you get no brownie points for keeping it real in porn. So if it's fake ass or no ass, we choose fake ass. And clearly it's working for Ms. Devine. Since getting her start in 2007, the the 27-year old Chester, PA-native has 175 titles under her belt, according to IADF.com. We think she has her fake ass to thank for that.

99. Indigo Augustine

  
Website: indigofiasco.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/indigoaugustine
Recent Work: Monsters of Cock 27
Since starting in 2010, Indigo Augustine's output has been rather anemic. She only has 5 films under her belt. But if you're wondering why, it probably has something to do with her look. She's basically a hipster chick gone XXX. She's got guns tattooed on her chest, the words "Ripped" and "Killah" adorning her left and right ass cheeks, respectively, and piercings in her nose, nipples and God knows where else. Even for alt porn, her look is a little extreme. Which sucks, because we think there's a huge audience for this type of girl. What, hipsters don't like porn?

98. Raylene

  
Website: raylene.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/raylenexxx
Recent Work: Big Tit Soccer Mom Orgy

When the name Raylene is mentioned, most porn fans think of the late 90s. That was Raylene's heyday, and she actually retired from porn in 2001. In 2008, she was inducted into the AVN Hall of Fame. But lo and behold, a year later, she was back, this time starring in her comeback film "Raylene's Dirty Work." Since then she's been rather prolific, pumping out films left and right. Guess you're never too old for sex. Especially on camera.

97. Rachel Starr

  
Website: rachelstarrtube.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/rachelstarrxxx
Recent Work: I Have a Wife 12

Rachel Starr has only been around four years, but it seems like much longer. That could be because since 2007 she's quietly appeared in over 100 films. Well, quietly may not be the appropriate word. In fact, every time we see her ass on the screen it's the complete opposite. The Burleson, Texas-native has become known largely for her backside and the wonderful things she can do with it.

96. Nyomi Banxxx

  
Website: nyomibanxxx.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/nyomibanxxx
Recent Work: Official Boyz N the Hood Parody
Let's be honest, at 38-years old, Nyomi Banxxx isn't reinventing the wheel when it comes to porn. But what she has been doing since she entered the business at the ripe old age of 33 is carving out a niche as an extremely desirably older performer. That's right, she's one of the hottest black MILFs currently working. In fact, she won the 2009 Urban X Award for Best MILF Performer as a result of her age. And hey, there ain't no 401k for a pornstar.

95. Jelena Jensen

  
Website: jelenajensen.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/jelenajensen
Recent Work: Breast In Class 1: Naturally Gifted

29-year old Jelena Jensen got into the business in 2003, but back then all she did was non-sexual scenes and girl on girl. Then in 2009, she announced she would begin doing hardcore scenes with her real-life partner Nick Phoenix. The catch? You have to sign up at her website JelenaJensen.com to see them.

94. Ava Addams

  
Website: avaaddams.tumblr.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/AvaAddams
Recent Work: Big Tits in Uniform 4

Ava Addams is a mixed French/Italian porn star who got her start in 2009 by doing scenes with Bang Bros. Much of her filmography consists of titles like Ass Parade 26, Bang Bus 29, Big Tits Round Asses 19, and the list goes on. Not that we mind. Those are some of the best series on the internet.

93. Alanah Rae

  
Website: alanahrae.com/
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/AlanahXXXRae
Recent Work: Big Black Beef Stretches Little Pink Meat 7

Freehold, New Jersey-native Alanah Rae's only been doing porn since 2008, but in that time she's done over 100 movies. But it's perhaps her latest film, "Supergirl XXX: An Extreme Comixxx Parody," which she's best known for. And August 1st will see the release of "Addams Family: An Exquisite Films Parody." So it seems like Rae is making something of a name for herself in parody porn.

92. Lou Charmelle

  
Website: loucharmelle.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/lou_charmelle
Recent Work: Nail My Tail

She's hot slim French brunette with a penchant for anal sex. Though she's 27 years old, she's only been around since 2008 and a lot of her early material is from France. That's not to take anything away from her. Those scenes are still top notch.

91. Chanel Preston

  
Website: chanelpreston.com/
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/ChanelPreston
Recent Work: Breast in Class 2: Counterfeit Racks

Chanel Diamond got her start in January of 2010, at the ripe age of 24 years old. Her first scene was shot for Vivid, before going on to work with companies like Jules Jordan Video, Wicked Pictures and Evil Angel, among others. Prior to doing porn she was an exotic dancer in Honolulu, Hawaii. So it was something of a natural progression.

90. Lexi Diamond

  
Website: lexinow.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/lexi_diamond
Recent Work: Jurassic Cock
Lexi Diamond's only got 22 films to her credit, but she's also only 20 years old. The Palmdale, California native has starred in some notable films like "Official Revenge of the Nerds Parody" and "Teens In Tight Jeans," among others. Given her age, we suggest you study up on all her techniques now.

89. Jesse Jane

  
Website: jessejane.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/jessejane
Recent Work: Titlicious 3

This blonde bombshell was pretty much running the game back in 2005, when she starred in Digital Playground's over-the-top epic Pirates. Since then she's been overshadowed by a hundred hotties, but for many, Jesse is still the perfect embodiment of the all-American girl. The all-American girl who knows how to do a killer cumswap, that is.

88. Raven Alexis

  
Website: ravenalexis.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/ravenalexis
Recent Work: Sweet Tits

24-year old Raven Alexis hasn't been doing porn long (she entered the business in 2009), but prior to signing with Digital Playground she had already cultivated an online presence through her website www.ravenalexis.com. When she decided to leap into porn, she chose Digital Playground to do it with. But before long, she split with DP and began working with other companies. She's only got 20 titles under her belt right now, but give her some time.

87. Capri Cavalli

  
Website: clubcapricavalli.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/capri_cavalli
Recent Work: Threesomes Rock
The 29-year old Canadian got her start in 2008, and since then has been racking up the scenes with studios like Brazzers and Muffia, among others. Much of her work traffics in lesbian and facial porn, but we'll reserve judgment on her unless a few more years pass without her expanding her horizons.

86. Persia Pele

  
Website: myspace.com/persiapele
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/persiapelexxx
Recent Work: My Mom's Best Friend

Persia Pele got her start in porn a bit late (age 27), and says the recession was a driving force behind the decision. She's Iranian and was born into a Muslim family, despite having never practiced. After finding out she was doing porn, half of her family disowned her. That's a heavy price to pay for a career in porn, but it seems to be paying off.

85. Alexis Ford

  
Website: alexisford.net
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/ALEXISFORD
Recent Work: Squirt Girl: Alexis Ford
A New York native, 21-year old Alexis Ford got her start in 2008 modeling for photographer Holly Randall. Adam & Eve Pictures snatched her up and signed her to an exclusive contract in September of 2009. Since then she's done 19 films, according to IAFD.com, most of them lesbian. Last year she got into boy girl scenes, thankfully. Although we do love lesbians....

84. Lizz Tayler

  
Website: myspace.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/LizzXXXTayler
Recent Work: Bring It On: A XXX Porn Parody

Phoeniz, Arizona-native Lizz Tayler is only 21-years old. But since getting her start in porn last year she's already earned herself a dedicated little fan base. She was in college in Georgia when she decided to take a leap of faith and move West to pursue a porn career. "Being a porn star has been my lifelong goal," she says. She calls Briana Banks a role model and even has her name tattooed on her abdomen. Some of her more popular films are Barely Legal 114 (Hustler Video), Bus Stop Girls 2 (Smash Pictures) and Creature Feature (Tom Byron/Evolution).

83. Skin Diamond

  
Website: spieglergirls.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/skin_diamond
Recent Work: My Favorite Emosluts
We don't know too much about Skin Diamond, but what we do know is that she's Elegant Angel's new flagship light-skinned black pornstar. Perusing the web, you'll find her flaunting a punk rock aesthetic— the sides of her head shaved, tattoos, etc— and sexy bondage scenes. She may be the next big alt porn star.

82. Bobbi Starr

  
Website: blog.bobbistarr.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/bobbistarr
Recent Work: Black Cream Inside Me

Bobbi Starr's been around since 2006, and in that time she's amassed a filmography of over 100 films. And while her early scenes were largely centralized around bondage and submission, she eventually moved into deepthroat and anal, winning Most Outrageous Sex Scene and Best Double Penetration Sex Scene at the 2010 AVN Awards. Yeah, she's been putting in work!

81. Aurora Jolie

  
Website: N/A
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/auroramoonbeam
Recent Work: Stretched Ass

Aurora Jolie is a unique performer. Because as far as on-camera vaginal sex goes, the 23-year old Italian-born beauty is still a virgin. That's right, she only does anal. That attribute has left people divided on how they feel about her as a performer. While she's no doubt extremely cute, some people just can't get into anal sex. She briefly existed the business in 2009, then returned in 2011 in the Mr. Marcus film "Sex Drive."

80. Liza Del Sierra

  
Website: speiglergirls.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/lizadelsierra
Recent Work: Between the Cheeks
Del Sierra got her start in 2005, and while she hasn't shot too many scenes (36, according to IAFD.com), the ones she does have are top notch. Not only is the French pornstar incredibly hot, but she's known to do a great deal of anal. Which gives her somewhat of an advantage on her less adventurous peers.

79. Andy San Dimas

  
Website: andysandimasblog.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/andysandimas
Recent Work: Rezervoir Doggs
24-year old Andy San Dimas has Myspace to thank for her entrance to the porn business. While working in an adult video store at the age of 18, she noticed a bunch of ads for director Eon McKai's movies in magazines at the store. She messaged him through Myspace with a naked picture attached and he recruited her to the porn industry. She made her debut in his movie "Dana DeArmondâ€™s Role Modeling in December" (2007). Four years later, with over 100 films to her credit, the Baltimore, Maryland native would take home the 2011 Best Actress AVN award for "This Ain't Glee XXX" and the 2011 XBIZ Award for Female Performer of the Year.

78. Megan Vaughn

  
Website: atmla.com
Twitter: N/A
Recent Work: Interracial Swingers 2

Megan is a new black pornstar who stepped on the scene just last year. She doesn't have too many scenes under her belt, but on the bright side the ones she does have are pretty great. Hey, you gotta start somewhere, right?

77. Angelina Valentine

  
Website: angelinavalentine.com/
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/angelinavalen
Recent Work: Buttsex Nymphos

How swag is Angelina Valentine? She's got "Dios Te Bendiga Bendicion" (translated: "God blesses you") tatted right above her pubes. Since starting in 2008 she's amassed a filmography of 140 titles according to IAFD.com. But what's notable about her films is that they span a lot of genres— lesbian, blowjobs, reality, facials, forced bi-sexuality, and transsexual. It's all to say that very little is off limits for the 24-year old Kentucky native.

76. Abbey Brooks

  
Website: abbeybrooks.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/abbeybrooksxxx
Recent Work: Busty POV
Abbey Brooks got her start in 2006 and early on she largely did solo masturbation, lesbian and the odd handjob scene. It wasn't until 2008 that she stepped out of her comfort zone and perverts the world over rejoiced. The lingering question when one thinks about Abbey Brooks is, "Is she a big girl?" You look at her weight, 125 lbs, and you think to yourself that isn't very heavy. But when you look at Abbey, she definitely appears to be on the bigger side. So is she the hottest of the plus-sized pornstars? Definitely.

75. Nina Mercedez

  
Website: ninamercedezxxx.com/#ic
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/Nina_Mercedez
Recent Work: Intimate Encounters
Nina's a little bit on the older side (31), but she's been around since 2003, when the Italian/Mexican mixed starlet did a lot of work for Vivid. Since around 2007 a large number of her films have been lesbian only, but that hasn't stopped her from playing with the boys every once in a while.

74. Sarah Vandella

  
Website: N/A
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/sarahvandellaxo
Recent Work: Glamour Gasm

One of the more popular names in porn, Sara's got 139 titles to her credit according to IAFD.com. Having only been around since 2007, that's quite a high number. What it says to us is that the 28-year old likes to grind... err, work. Can't hate on that.

73. Jenny Hendrix

  
Website: myspace.com/jennyhendrix
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/jennyhendrix
Recent Work: Official Bounty Hunter Parody 4

Since 2005 it's been hard to peruse porn without seeing Jenny Hendrix seemingly everywhere. The 25-year old Florida-native is a wizard at anal sex, it's one of her trademarks. She's clocked almost 150 films and a huge portion of them find her letting men enter through the backdoor. Well hey, if you're gonna leave it open...

72. Katie Kox

  
Website: katiekox.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/katiekox
Recent Work: Strawberry Milk Juggs
Katie Kox has only been around three years, but in that span of time she's been able to lock in over 50+ scenes. That's not a terribly high number, but it's a step in the right direction for the 25-year old Las Vegas, Nevada product.

71. Melody Nakai

  
Website: melodynakaixxx.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/melodynakaixxx
Recent Work: Get In My Belly
Melody Nakai doesn't have any standout features per se. It's not like her twos are that big or that her booty is that round. But she does have a beautiful face and an around-the-way-girl appeal that we find highly desirable. The 23-year old California native looks like someone we once slept with and that maybe we might like to sleep with again. There's something to be said for that. She's only been around since 2008, and her filmography is still rather short, but we think she's going to have a nice career once the ball really starts rolling.

70. Nicole Aniston

  
Website: nicoleaniston.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/xNicoleAnistonx
Recent Work: Paste My Face 19
Nicole Aniston (no relation to Jennifer, sadly) is very new on the scene. In fact, she got her start just last year. But she's definitely one of the hotter new stars we've seen come along. And at 23-years old, she's got plenty of years ahead of her to really make her mark. We're pulling for her. Pulling being the operative word here.

69. Bridgette B

  
Website: bridgetteb.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/spanishdollxxx
Recent Work: Wet Juicy Juggs 4
Bridgette B's a hot Spanish blonde who's only been around since 2009. Yet despite her short career she's already got 100+ movies in the can. She's another one of those rare pornstars that looks extremely hot fully clothed, and we must say we're particularly fond of some of CFNM work from early on in her career. She's already up there in age (27), but we think she has a lot of mileage to go on that hot body of hers.

68. Capri Anderson

  
Website: clubalexiscapri.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/xcapriandersonx
Recent Work: Charlie's Devils
Anderson is largely known as the pornstar who was with Charlie Sheen at the Plaza Hotel in New York last year October, when he went on a well-publicized bender. She claimed he threw a lamp at her. But that's neither here nor there. What Anderson is really good at is— tada!— porn. Since starting in 2008, most of her scenes have been solo masturbation and lesbian, but every once in a while gets with a dude. And we're always thankful for it.

67. Candice Nicole

  
Website: valleybabesxxx.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/2kandicenicole
Recent Work: Pickup Player
Around 2006, all anyone knew was that there was a new hot black chick with a pretty smile and the words "Rich Booty" tattooed across her ass. Her name? A detail nobody could be bothered with. Now we know said black chick is Candice Nicole. The 29-year old Philadelphia-native's filmography is still relatively short, and largely limited to black porn, but her fan base is slowly growing. A big butt and a smile can take you places.

66. Amy Reid

  
Website: riedality.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/realAmyRied
Recent Work: Breast In Class: Naturally Gifted
Just a few years ago Amy Reid looked like she was poised to ascend pretty high in the porn rankings, and to an extent she did. Maybe it was her pretty face, maybe it was her huge boobs, or maybe it was a combination of the two. Whatever the case, she had the game on smash for a second. But of late, the German-born pornstar seems to be old news. We don't know what she needs to do get people excited about her again, we just know that she needs to do it fast.

65. Chayse Evans

  
Website: myspace.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/chayseevansx
Recent Work: Frankencock 2
24-year old Chayse Evans entered the porn business in 2007 and has been in over 120 films since then. In 2009 she won both AVN and XBIZ awards for New Starlet of the Year. That year she also did her first anal scene, which lead to, well, more anal. Just a year later, she an AVN for Best Anal Sex Scene. Apparently you can teach a new dog old tricks.

64. Riley Steele

  
Website: rileysteele.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/rileysteele
Recent Work: Riley Steele: Satisfaction
Ms. Steele is a fast rising new talent from Escondido, California. She got her start after meeting pornstar Jesse Jane at the 2005 premiere for "Pirates." Jane encouraged her to get into porn and in 2008 she shot her first scene. Oddly enough it was the sequel, aptly dubbed "Pirates II: Stagnetti's Revenge." She co-hosted the 2011 AVN Awards and played Crystal in last summer's "Piranha 3-D." Appropriately, she won Crossover Star of the Year at the 2011 AVN Awards. Something tells us she'll be putting porn in her rearview soon.

63. Kimberly Kane

  
Website: kanearmy.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/KIMBERLYKANE
Recent Work: Kimberly Kane's Been Blackmaled
Kimberly Kane is from Tacoma, Washington, and for whatever reason, is often overlooked when it comes to naming the top pornstars. This despite the 27-year old winning the 2010 AVN Best Actress Award for her role in "The Sex Files: A Dark XXX Parody" (admit it, she does kinda look like Scully) She's got nearly 300 films on her resume and directed her first film, "Triple Ectasty," in 2006.

62. Dyanna Lauren

  
Website: dyannalauren.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/DyannaLauren
Recent Work: Seduced by a Cougar 16
Between 1989 and 2000, Dyanna Lauren appeared in over 250 XXX-rated films. Then she bailed on performing and became a director. In 2008, she was inducted into the AVN Hall of Fame. Then she did the unthinkable. She made a comeback. In April 2009 she filmed her first performance scene in nearly ten years, and a year later she made 45 new appearances. At 46-years old, she is the living breathing embodiment of a MILF.

61. Jenna Brooks

  
Website: jennabrooks.net
Twitter: N/A
Recent Work: Here Cums the President
Jenna Brooks' popularity in recent years has waned, particularly because she hasn't done much. She rose to fame in the early aughts due to her appearances in popular black porn series like Booty Talk, Black Booty Cam and Black and Wild. Perhaps her most famous scene is the one she shot in 2004 for Tiny's Black Adventures. But since then it seems like she hasn't done that much. A scene here, a scene there. She's back though, recently appearing in "Here Cums The President." Hopefully it ushers in a new era of Jenna Brooks porn.

60. Kaylani Lei

  
Website: wickedpictures.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/kaylani_lei
Recent Work: Rocki Whore Picture Show: A Hardcore Parody
Kaylani Lei got her start way back in 2002, which makes the 30-year old Singaporean sort of a MILF by now. Throughout her career, her diminutive stature— she stands only 4'11 and weighs 99 lbs— has endeared her to porn aficionados the world over who were looking to get their Asian fix. That is until chicks like Asa Akira came and cornered the market. But still, Ms. Lei's contributions can't be overlooked. And she's still pumping out plenty of scenes for Wicked Pictures.

59. Black Angelika

  
Website: N/A
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/bangelikaxxx
Recent Work: Big Butts Like It Big 8
Romania's hottest export is easily Black Angelika. She's been in porn since 2007 and in that time has carved out a bit of a niche for herself as Europe's DP queen. This is not an easy fete. Our snapback cap is off to the sexy 23-year old.

58. Yurizan Beltran

  
Website: yuriluv.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/yuriluv
Recent Work: Can He Score 7
Patience is a virtue. Especially if you were waiting on Yurizan Beltran to do a boy-girl scene. It took roughly five years for her to acquiesce, and she did so last year, in a scene with popular male performer Scott Nails. Since then she's been fucking like crazy and we're all the better as a result of it.

57. Kourtney Kane

  
Website: kortneykane.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/kortneykane
Recent Work: Innocent Until Proven Filthy 8
Kourtney Kane (not to be confused with Stephanie Cane) is definitely one of the hottest new porn chicks on the scene. She debuted in 2010 and since then has appeared in almost 30 films. She's got something of a unique look— dark hair, not too short, slim build— and it's made her memorable to porn fans.

56. Gracie Glam

  
Website: gracieglam.tumblr.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/gracieglam
Recent Work: My Little Black Book
Gracie Glam won the 2011 AVN award for Best New Starlet and it's pretty easy to see why. There's just something about the 20-year old from Raleigh, NC that screams "hot." Her rise has been rather quick. It all started when she was still in college in South Florida. In February of '09 she did her first nude layout for Score mag and a few solo videos. Their popularity steamrolled into girl/girl scenes for Reality Kings and before you know it, a star is born. Now she's on the way to the top. Or well, the tip. Err, you get the point.

55. Sienna West

  
Website: siennawest.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/siennawestlive
Recent Work: Manuel Ferrara Is a MILF Whore
At 33-years old, Sienna West has the MILF game on lock. She didn't get her start in porn until 2007, and even then she was already being billed as a mother any of us might like to f*ck. Her scenes don't find her necessarily reinventing the wheel, but they're serviceable.

54. Lexi Belle

  
Website: lexibelle.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/omgitslexi
Recent Work: Young Toes Before Hoes
Good things come in small packages. Look at Lexi Belle. Despite her petite shape (5'3, 105 pounds), she was still nominated for an AVN Performer of the Year award earlier this year and is considered one of the most popular pornstars in the game. And to think, it all started from someone in the porn industry finding her Myspace page. Myspace back?

53. Esperanza Gomez

  
Website: esperanzagomezonline.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/esperanzagomezz
Recent Work: Esperanza Gomez: Enough Said
Colombian-bred pornstar Esperanza Gomez came to most people's attention through her "Assparade" scenes with Bang Bros. Not much was known about her at the time, and not much is known now. What we do know is that she was a Playboy TV host and former Miss Colombia, and that her shape is ridiculous. Throw in her pretty face and you've got a killer combo. The only thing she's fighting against right now is her age. She was born in 83 and her filmography is extremely limited. Does she have enough time left in her prime to make a real impact?

52. Dylan Ryder

  
Website: dylanryder.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/dylanryderxxx
Recent Work: Keeping It Up For The Kard-ASS-ians 2
Dylan Ryder rides that fine line between MILF and just regular pornstar. The funny thing is, she's not even old (age 29). Maybe it's the whole short hair thing. Who knows. In any event, Ryder's been around since 2004, when she did a handful of scenes. But it wasn't until the past few years when things started really rolling. She's cashed in on the reality porn genre pretty hard, perhaps because she, like Madelyn Marie, is one of a handful of pornstar who actually looks hot with regular clothes on. We can't say we're mad about it.

51. Havana Ginger

  
Website: havanagingerxxx.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/THEREALHAVANA
Recent Work: Art of Fucking 2

Havana Ginger got her start in black porn. She made notable appearances in Bad Azz and Assfixiation before venturing off and becoming more of all around porn performer. Besides being known for her anal scenes, Ginger is also recognized often by her large areolas. She also has an equally hot sister who calls herself Savana Ginger.

50. Tanner Mayes

  
Website: tannermays.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/tannahmontannah
Recent Work: Charlie's Hookers
In just three years Tanner Mayes has become one of the hottest young petite pornstars in the game. She's so small. So compact. So... cute. She can expertly pull off the whole teenage look because, well, she's not much older than a teenager. But dirty old men love to look at girls who look around 18 years old, and she does it with little effort. Something tells us she'll be one of the biggest stars in porn in just a few years.

49. April ONeil

  
Website: heyitsapril.tumblr.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/undeux
Recent Work: Star Trek The Next Generation: A XXX Parody
April O'Neil is a perfect example of a relatively new pornstar who started their career doing only lesbian and masturbation scenes and has recently ventured into boy-girl scenes to see their popularity skyrocket. That's not say she's the new Audrey Bitoni or anything. But the youngster's buzz is definitely building. Give her another year or two.

48. Isis Love

  
Website: youtube.com/user/SisiEvol
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/IsisLove
Recent Work: Diesel Dongs 16

Isis Love and Isis Taylor get mixed up so much that we think they should do a scene together (or have they?). In either case, the French/Jamaican Love has been around much longer than Taylor and definitely has a different appeal. She's got a bit more of a classic pornstar look and her filmography is a bit more expansive ("TGirl Fantasies" with black transexual pornstar Natassia Dreams raises a red flag or three). So why do the two pornstars keep getting mentioned together? Oh right, that whole "Isis" thing.

47. Bree Olson

  
Website: breeolson.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/breeolson
Recent Work: Scooby Doo: A XXX Parody
Perhaps at this point Bree Olson is best known as one of Charlie Sheen's goddesses. Or former goddesses, rather. She reportedly retired from porn to be with Sheen, but now that she's not with him, does that mean she's back? Technically, yes. We think. With 200+ films under her belt, though, does it matter?

46. Audrey Bitoni

  
Website: audreybitoni.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/audreybitonix
Recent Work: Doctor Adventures.com 9

Back in 2008, after two highly prolific years in the business, Audrey Bitoni got a starring role as Kim in the spoof porn "Getting it Up With the Kardassians." If you weren't paying attention to Audrey before, you were now. Her popularity boomed in the following months and she seemed poised to become one of the biggest stars in porn. And then all of a sudden she seemed to disappear. According to IAFD she had scenes coming out in 2010 and 2011, but you'd be hard pressed to find anyone who's seen them. Few new ones are available for free at popular porn tube sites. She recently resurfaced in April of this year at Pornpros.com, so maybe there will be more Audrey this year. Hope so.

45. Evelyn Lin

  
Website: loveevelyn.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/xevelynlinx
Recent Work: Inside the Orient 5

Lin's got the Asian market on smash. The Chinese-born 23-year old has carved out something of a niche for herself there, and it's pretty obvious why. Like, look at her! She also has a degree in Communications and says she plans to pursue a career in public relations in the future. How could anyone turn down a pitch from her?

44. Amia Miley

  
Website: thislittlemonster.tumblr.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/amiamiley
Recent Work: TSA: Your Ass Is in Our Hands
Amia Miley is an Italian/Hawaiian mix from Arizona whose petite figure has earned her a nice little following in the porn community. At 5'3 and 105 lbs, she's not packing much, but she rides real well and has an extremely pretty face. She basically looks like someone we might actually bang in real life. That means she's awesome.

43. Evanni Solei

  
Website: N/A
Twitter: N/A
Recent Work: Brown Bunnies 3

Evanni Soleil has been around since 2009, and while her filmography is pretty short (only 28 titles, according to IAFD), it's not lacking in quality. For the most part, she's been cast in a lot of black-centric films— she is, in fact, black— but she seems to have a certain Jada Fire-like appeal that may see her crossing over into mainstream white porn more moving forward. Look around a bit online. It's already happening. We guess it pays to be well rounded, both figuratively and literally.

42. Shazia Sahari

  
Website: ladirectmodels.com
Twitter: N/A
Recent Work: Fresh Meat 29

She's a newcomer who's got quite a buzz if not for nothing but her good looks. Occasionally, people wanna tune in just to see a hot chick. Skip the freaky stuff (but not really). She's reportedly half-Pakistani and half-Saudi, which may make her one of the few Muslim actresses in mainstream porn. Her filmography is short, and she's already flirted with retirement. So who knows. Maybe she'll be a star. Maybe she'll vanish tomorrow. We hope it's the former.

41. Renae Cruz

  
Website: renaecruzonline.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/renaecruz
Recent Work: Gimme a Fucking Spring Break 5
When do you know you've made it in life? When you're playing Jennifer Lopez in a XXX parody of the sexy popstar dubbed "Not Jennifer Lopez XXX: An American Idol." The film was released earlier this year and starred 23-year old Renae Cruz in the title role. She replaced popular pornstar Jasmine Byrne, which raised her profile enormously. That's to say nothing of the 150+ titles the Filipino actress has starred in since 2006.

40. Shyla Stylez

  
Website: shylaxxx.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/shylaxxx
Recent Work: Adam & Eve's Guide to Bondage
Canadian-born Shyla Stylez is blonde, has a pretty face and rather humongous tits (36DD). Is it surprising that she's one of the most famous actresses in all of porn? Didn't think so. She's got over 300 films under her belt since getting her start in 2003. Trust us, the Brazzers material is top notch!

39. Rebecca Linares

  
Website: rebecalinaresxxx.com
Twitter: N/A
Recent Work: Too Good to Be True

This Spanish fly girl quickly cultivated something of a reputation for being an anal queen when she debuted in 2005, developing a Hall of Fame-worthy career over the next three years. After taking some time off in late 2009, she shocked the porn world by coming back in full force with some massive new melons. Is bigger really better? She looks good, but the jury's still out on the answer to that one.

38. Gianna Michaels

  
Website: giannaxxx.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/therealgianna
Recent Work: Bounce 2
Gianna Michaels is a big girl, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. At 5'10 her 34DD all natural breasts give her something of a unique look, which has made her more memorable than most porn girls. That's lead her to shoot something like 400 movies since starting her career in 2004. She's done everything from solo masturbation to lesbian to facials to anal to even .... gasp! ... strap-on sex with guys (note her multiple appearances in Joey Silvera's popular "Strap Attack" series). Yes, Gianna Michaels gets around. Which is why the rumor is that she's now only doing porn through her own website. Not sure if it's entirely true but if it is, damn, what a bummer.

37. Adrenalynn

  
Website: adrenalynn.tumblr.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/adrenalynntoao
Recent Work: Deviance 2

Adrianna "Adrenalynn" Lynn is something of an anomaly. The 25-year old from Allen, Texas is hot enough to do mainstream porn, but at the same time has just enough of that alternative look— notice her assortment of tattoos (she has "Jarrod's Little Fuck Doll" around her asshole) and piercings— to give her an alt porn appeal. Thing is, she's a licensed tattoo artist and body piercer and her preoccupation with those pursuits have stalled her porn career. Most of 2010 and 2011 were spent opening and running her Dallas tattoo shop Adrenalynn Inkorperated. But she just announced her return by signing with OC Modeling. We can only hope she doesn't fall off the wagon again.

36. Rihanna Rimes

  
Website: N/A
Twitter: N/A
Recent Work: Street Hookers For The White Guy

Rihanna Rimes is one of the hottest newcomers in porn. She stepped on the scene earlier this year and has already done shoots for prominent companies like West Coast Productions, Devil's Film and Elegant Productions. What most have probably seen her in, however, was the "In Living Color" parody, which started circulating in April.

35. Julia Ann

  
Website: juliaann.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/therealjuliaann
Recent Work: Divorcee 2: This Ain't the People's Court
Julia Ann got her start way back in 1992, and at age 41, one would think she'd be ready to retire already. Hardly. Though her output slowed in the early part of the 2000s, in recent years she's been making a killing in MILF and Cougar-centric porn.

34. Lela Star

  
Website: lelastar.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/mizzlelastar
Recent Work: Young at Heart
At only 5'1 and 100 pounds, Lela Star is rather diminutive. In the sack, however, she can clearly hold her own. The Miami-bred actress has over 100 films under belt since getting her start in 2006.

33. Jenaveve Jolie

  
Website: clubjenaveve.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/jenavevejolie
Recent Work: Oiled Up

"Entourage" fans will probably find Jenaveve Jolie familiar. Yes, she was the chick Bow Wow was smashing back when he had his whole "Charlie" role going on. Still, it's not like Jolie came out of nowhere. In fact, she's been in over 300 films since starting her career in 2004. She's definitely one of the hottest Latina pornstar's in the game and has shown no signs of slowing down.

32. Melanie Rios

  
Website: clubmelaniejane.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/MelanieRiosxxx
Recent Work: Teens in Tight Jeans

She originally went by Melanie Jane, then switched to Rios in January of 2010. Why? Nobody knows. Regardless, since starting in 2009, this Colombian beauty has put the petite Latina game on smash by doing just about everything she can on camera.

31. Jessica Bangkok

  
Website: clubjessicabangkok.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/jessica_bangkok
Recent Work: Love Me Long Time
The Bay Area has given us E-40, The Raiders and Tom Hanks. Add Jessica Bangkok to the list. Not much is known about her, but from her filmography we can see that nothing is off limits. Just how we like em.

30. Bethany Benz

  
Website: clubbethanybenz.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/clubbethanybenz
Recent Work: Phattys Rhymes and Dimes 15

Before her adult career, Bethany Benz had the distinction of being possibly the shadiest girl ever featured on VH1's brilliant dating show For The Love Of Ray-J (you probably know her as "Caviar"). The mixed Russian/Nigerian chick had already danced in a few high profile rap videos, but after her stint on reality TV, she said fuck it and dove head-first into the porn game.  She kicked things off last year by appearing in "Big Tits Round Asses 19" and "Booty Talk 91," among other titles that showed she was down for whatever. We definitely support her new career.

29. Sophie Dee

  
Website: clubsophiedee.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/SOPHIEDEE
Recent Work: Dick It Does a Body Good
Welsh-born Sophie Dee is as well known for huge knockers as she is for her beautiful blue doe eyes. She's got the type of face that any man wouldn't mind having stare up at them while... well... ya'know. She moved to California in 2005 and quickly got her start in porn. Since then she's done over 300 films. You've seen her, rest assured.

28. Monique Alexander

  
Website: moniquealexander.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/moniquealexande
Recent Work: Big Tits on the Job
Every browse HBO late night or Skinemax? Well there's a chance you might have seen Monique Alexander. In the early part of her career, when all she did was girl on girl scenes, she also starred in softcore porn flicks like Hotel Erotica, The Sex Spa, Sex House, and Voyeur: Inside Out, which appeared on those networks. In 2005 she ditched the lesbo stuff and went full on hardcore. This lead to an increase in her popularity. Heck, she even made a cameo during season 3 of Entourage. Victory! Well, sort of. She lost in the 2011 AVN Performer of the Year category :-(

27. Madelyn Marie

  
Website: clubmadelynmarie.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/madelynmarie
Recent Work: Cruel Media Conquers Los Angeles
Let's keep it real, even an average chick looks okay once she takes her clothes off. Heck, her clothes are off! But how many pornstars look amazing fully-clothed? Very few. Madelyn Marie is certainly one of them. In fact, she could probably be a model sans all the fucking. Which is why she goes to med school when she's not on set and she's already married (to popular male pornstar Ramon Nomar). Just don't quit on us too soon, okay?

26. London Keyes

  
Website: londonkeyes.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/londonkeyes
Recent Work: Playing Hooky
London Keys says her favorite position is doggystyle. And since the Japanese starlet ha a huge tramp stamp adorning her lower back, something tells us quite a few of her on-screen companions would say they like the view of her from behind. Keys has only been in the game since 2008, but in just three years the 19-year old has amassed a large filmography. There's something to be said for starting young.

25. Bibi Jones

  
Website: bibijones.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/xxxBritneyBeth
Recent Work: Assassins

Age ain't nothing but a number. That is, of course, if you're talking about porn production company Digital Playground. They signed 19-year old Bibi Jones AKA Britney Beth to a contract, making her their youngest star ever. The Oklahoma-bred blonde only has a few scenes under her belt so far, but give her some time.

24. Aletta Ocean

  
Website: alettaocean.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/THEAlettaOcean
Recent Work: Butt Hurt
Eastern Europe's finest export has got to be Aletta Ocean. The product of Budapest, Hungary won the 2010 AVN Award for Female Foreign Performer of the Year and it's easy to see why. Well, that is if you're staring at her chest. Another attribute that has helped her stock rise is the striking resemblance she has to fellow pornstar Audrey Bitoni, who until at least early 2010 was one of the most popular new chicks on the scene.

23. Juelz Ventura (Layna Laurel)

  
Website: myspace.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/juelzventura
Recent Work: Real Porn Stars of Chatsworth

Juelz is Latina and she wants everyone to know it. Well, at least her on-screen partners. The Brazil-born beauty has the word "Latina" tatted on the back of her neck, so when someone's hitting it from behind, they can be like, "Ohhh, now it all makes sense." She reportedly got into porn as revenge against her cheating husband. Must be the Latina in her.

22. Bella Moretti

  
Website: bellamoretti.cammodels.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/bee_moretti702
Recent Work: Hustler's Untrue Hollywood Stories: Oprah

Like Evanni Solei, Bella Moretti is a relatively new black pornstar who seems to tow the line between doing strictly black porn and ... everything else. Which is sort of great, because if you're in tune with black porn, it seems like the girls sort of just come and go (no shots!). In her 3-year career she's done a bit of everything— reality porn, femdom, straight boy-girl, lesbian, etc. So it seems like the sky's the limit for Ms. Moretti. Looking forward to more.

21. Kagney Linn Karter

  
Website: kagneylinnkarter.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/kagneytweets
Recent Work: American Cocksucking Sluts
Everything's bigger in Texas. Especially Kagney Linn Karter's boobies. Who cares if they're fake? They've worked wonders for the blonde starlet since she entered the business in 2008 through appearing in scenes for Naughty America. In 2010, she won the AVN for Best New Starlet, and in April of this year, saw the release of "All About Kagney Linn Karter." What was so monumental about that particular film? Why it featured her first anal and interracial scenes ever. Cheers to new experiences.

20. Jenna Haze

  
Website: jennahaze.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/JENXSTUDIOS
Recent Work: Breast In Class: Naturally Gifted
It's hard to believe that Jenna Haze is 29-years old now. She still looks like she's 19, when she got her start. After winning an AVN for Best New Starlet in 2003, she switched to performing girl on girl scenes out of loyalty to her boyfriend who worked in the industry. At the time she was under contract with popular 90s pornstar Jill Kelly's production company. But in 2005, Kelly sold her company to Penthouse, and by April of 2006 Haze was working with her new boyfriend Jules Jordan, and was back to doing boy and girl scenes. In 2009 she launched her own production company Jennaration X Studios, which is distributed by Jules Jordan Video.

19. Priya Rai

  
Website: priyaanjalirai.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/priyaanjalirai
Recent Work: Big Tits in Sports 6
Priya Rai is one of the more popular Indian-born pornstars, and she's really only been around since 2007. Of late, it seems as if she's taken a break, because not too many new Priya scenes have been hitting the web. However, she has been shooting them, having logged five films already this year. Perhaps that's the effect piracy is having on porn. If scenes aren't being bootlegged, we think the pornstar has retired. Not the case. That said, her past material is so strong that she's still among the most viewed pornstars on the web. Some scenes never get old.

18. Breanne Benson

  
Website: breannebenson.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/breannebenson
Recent Work: Grand Theft Auto: XXX Parody
This Albanian-born beauty started her career back in 2003, but limited herself to lesbian scenes only. A year later she retired and began dancing at the Spearmint Rhino strip club in the City of Industry in LA. A few years makes a big difference, because in 2009 she returned to porn, and this time she went ahead with full on boy girl scenes. She's shot for all the major studios— Evil Angel, Digital Playground, Brazzers, Hustler Video, Vivid— and in January of this year was named Penthouse Pet of the Month. Don't call it a comeback.

17. Jenna Presley

  
Website: jennapresley.com/
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/jenna_presley
Recent Work: I Screwed the Pizza Guy 4

New Jersey's best export besides the cast of "Jersey Shore?" Easily Jenna Presley. In 2007, Presley said she was filming her last scenes with men. Two years later, she was back to swallowing swords like a circus act. She's largely known for squirt scenes and facials.

16. Jynx Maze

  
Website: type9models.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/jynxmazecutie
Recent Work: I Can't Believe I Knocked Up Two Sluts
Not that much is known about Jynx Maze, but her filmography is filled with anal scenes and in the past year her ranking on FreeOnes.com has soared. She currently sits at #60. We know what you're thinking, "60 isn't that high." True. But when you consider that there are literally thousands of pornstars out there, being #60 doesn't seem so bad.

15. Jayden Jaymes

  
Website: jaydenjaymesxxx.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/jaydenjaymes
Recent Work: Amazon Whore Princesses

While porn aficionados have been familiar with Jayden James for years— her Bang Bros. scenes are particularly legendary— it was actually a 2009 episode of "MTV True Life" (I'm Addicted To Porn) that familiarized the rest of America with what we'd all known for years. Yea, Jayden is bad. But what that episode revealed was just how driven she was to succeed in porn. She even cried when she didn't win "Best New Starlet" at the 2009 AVN Awards. It meant that much to her. A few years later, she hasn't necessarily dominated the industry, but she's got over 150 movies under her belt and her name is synonymous with porn. Guess she's doing alright then.

14. Katsuni

  
Website: ilovekatsuni.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/katsuni
Recent Work: Katsuni's Casting Couch
France's greatest export since the french fry is Katsuni, who was born in the city of Lyon, in the Rhone-Alpes region. Katsuni's been around a while (she's 32), and while it may seem like she more popular years ago, that didn't stop her from winning Foreign Performer Of The Year at the Xbiz awards earlier this year. July 15th will see her battle it out for Asian pornstar supremacy when "Superstar Showdown 6: Asa Akira vs. Katsuni" is released. Our money's on Asa, but with the two of them in a movie, everyone's a winner.

13. Sophia Santi

  
Website: sophiasantixxx.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/sophia_santi
Recent Work: Official Revenge of the Nerds Parody
The girl with the dragon tattoo is ... Sophia Santi? Yep, Ms. Santi, formerly Natalia Cruz, has a Japanese dragon covering most of her back and left side. So when you're perusing pornstargals.com and you come across a chick with a weird tat like that, just know it's her. Santi has spent a bit of her career trying to decide whether she was going to just fuck girls or guys on camera. Now it seems like she's doing both. Because you can't be in a Revenge Of The Nerds parody otherwise. Right?

12. Alexis Texas

  
Website: alexistexas.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/alexis_texas
Recent Work: This Ain't Ghostbusters XXX
Ludacris is a prophet. Back in 2003, on his single "Blow It Out," he rapped: "I'm the new phenomenon like white women with ass." Just a few years later, in 2007, Alexis Texas, the white chick with perhaps the fattest ass in the history of porn, entered the business. Her 2009 release, "Alexis Texas is Buttwoman," is considered a modern-day porn classic. It won Best All Sex video at the 2009 AVN Awards and the 2009 XRCO award for Best Gonzo Movie. Since then, Alexis has gone on to become one of the most popular asses... err, stars... around.

11. Stoya

    
Website: stoya.tumblr.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/stoya
Recent Work: Babysitters 2
Reportedly the first alt porn contracted pornstar, Stoya's carved a niche for herself in that particular world by appearing... well, just a bit different than the average porn chick. To begin with, there's her ever-changing hair color. Is it black, blue, pink? Huh? She dated Marilyn Manson for a while. Then there are the shoots themselves, which are always done with a bit of a creative edge. She's part punk, part goth, part regular ol' pornstar. Which makes her kind of perfect. Wanna get a little closer to Stoya? She's got her own line of flesh lights. Google it.

10. Kristina Rose

    
Website: kristinarose.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/KRISTINAROSEXXX
Recent Work: Bust a Nut or Die Tryin'

When she's not tearing up rich people's houses in rap videos like King Fantastic's "Why? Where? What?" Kristina Rose is taking it up her cooter on camera. She's sort of carved a niche for her anal abilities, but Rose is pretty much capable of doing it all. We'd like to think some of her appeal has to do with her unique brand of sass. She just seems to move with a little hip-hop diddy bop that most porn actresses lack. And she's sort of halfway hipster, halfway San Fernando-valley porn girl. Which makes her... hopefully single. Ms. Rose, do we have a shot? We forgot to ask you last time.

9. Faye Reagan

    
Website: playwithfaye.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/faye_reagan
Recent Work: Naughty Bookworms 21
Ever look at an American Apparel ad and think, "Wow, I wish that model chick did porn." Well guess what? Faye Reagan does. She entered the porn business in 2008, right around the time she was starring in a print ad campaign for AP. At the time, hipster-looking girls were something of a rarity in porn. They still kind of are, but Reagan has definitely broadened the scope of what's acceptable in mainstream sex films. Were you even wacking it to redheaded chicks before her? Doubt it. Now we just wish she'd ditch her fiancee Dane Cross. Seriously dude, do you have to be in every scene?

8. Abella Anderson

    
Website: naked.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/abellaxxx
Recent Work: Once You Go Black 6

By this time next year, Abella Anderson could be #1 on this list. So all you other porn chicks, watch out. The diminutive Latina has a thing for moving her hips like she's dancing to a salsa jam, and she fucks like she's on a dance floor. Seriously, google "Abella Anderson Johnny Sins" and try to find one of the hottest porn scenes in recent memory. Part of Anderson's appeal is that she looks like a chick we could bag on South Beach. And that may be why all the chicks in Porn Valley have to be on their toes... err, knees... that much more.

7. Sunny Leone

    
Website: blog.sunnyleone.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/SUNNYLEONE
Recent Work: Roleplay

Is Sunny Leone the hottest Indian chick in porn? Perhaps. Leone got her start in the early aughts, when she did pictorial work for magazines like Penthouse and Hustler (she was Penthouse Pet Of The Year in 2003). In 2005, she transitioned into hardcore porn by signing a three-year contract with Vivid, but initially only did lesbian scenes (boo!). Then in 2007, when her contract was up for renewal, she agreed to do scenes with men. Well, sort of. She wanted to only film with her fiancee Matt Erikson. That lasted all of a year. Soon, she was fucking everyone, and the internet rejoiced. Today, she's successfully transitioned into directing, but she thankfully still finds the time to perform in the occasional scene.

6. Jennifer White

    
Website: N/A
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/xjenniferwhitex
Recent Work: Anal Prom Queens

Jennifer White is relatively new on the scene (she started in 2009), but in a short period of time she's carved out a reputation as a starlet willing to do just about anything to make a scene pop. Especially anal. And in porn, that's what separates a star from just another pretty face.

5. Lisa Ann

    
Website: thelisaann.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/THEREALLISAANN
Recent Work: Who's Nailin' Palin 2
Lisa Ann is 39-years old, which makes her something of a dinosaur in porn. She actually entered the industry in 1993, but quit just a few years later amidst an AIDS scare. Despite her huge breasts and beautiful face, Ann was largely a marginal talent until 2008, when her resemblance to then Vice Presidential nominee Sarah Palin landed her the lead role in the XXX parody "Who's Nailin Paylin?" That part steamrolled into a bit part in Eminem's "We Made You" video, and despite her MILF status, Ann soon found herself to be one of the most popular actresses in porn. When it comes to Sarah Palin, Lisa Ann >>> Tina Fey.

4. Asa Akira

    
Website: asaakira.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/asaakira
Recent Work: Anal Acrobats 6
Asa Akira spent her formative years in Japan, before migrating to the United States, carving out a career for herself as a stripper (and occasional Complex model). Asa started her porn career mostly doing girl on girl scenes before getting up the courage sex it up with a dude on camera. Before long, she was a pro. Of late, she's carved out a niche as an anal queen and has become one of the most bankable Asian stars in porn history. When not screwing on camera, she's on twitter talking about hip-hop with rap writers like your esteemed author. Which makes her just that much hotter to us.

3. Kayden Kross

    
Website: clubkayden.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/kayden_kross
Recent Work: Top Guns

Kayden Kross is so swag that she did some writing for Complex last year. Seriously, she's got to be one of the brainiest porn stars ever (no pun intended, although that's true too). Since entering porn in 2006, the California native has had exclusive contracts with major porn studios like Adam & Eve, Vivid and Digital Playground while amassing a huge fan base due to her jack-of-all-trades capabilities.

2. Isis Taylor

    
Website: isistaylorxxx.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/isistaylor
Recent Work: Official the Silence of the Lambs Parody
Ms. Taylor's only been around a few years (she entered the game in 2008) but in that short period of time she's earned herself quite a loyal fan base among the work-from-home crowd. It's not so much any particular skill she has in the sack— she rides a pole like anyone else on our list— but that she's so darn cute. Would you look at that face? Some women just greatly benefit from what God gave them, and Isis definitely does. Plus she's got just that little bit of baby fat still on her. 21 years old never looked so good.


    


1. Tori Black
Website: toriblack.com
Twitter: twitter.com/#!/misstoriblack
Recent Work: My Daddy is a Pimp

Tori Black's worth ethic is unmatched. If Lil B had a contemporary in porn, Tori Black would be it. Since entering the industry in 2007, she's been in over 200 films. If you just do a bit of math, that's like a scene a week. It's not without merit, though. She was the first porn star to ever win AVN Performer of the Year back to back in 2010 and 2011, and CNBC named her one of the 12 most popular names in porn earlier this year. In an interview with AVN in March, she said her hunger is what makes her so successful. Sexual hunger is what we think she meant.
